today we are going to prepare lasagna de carro
for this we are going to need
a medium eggplant a quarter of a kilo
of minced pork eight sheets of
precooked cannelloni
two slices of cheese
140 grams of crushed tomato 8
tablespoons of olive oil
Salt
grated cheese for grating
directly
we put the cannelloni slices in water
hot for 15 to 20 minutes peel the
eggplant
and cut it into small cubes
in a pan with the oil we put
support the eggplant
once done, we remove them and
We reserve on a plate with paper of
kitchen to remove excess
oil
in the same oil we throw the meat and
let's go around so it's done
all right
when done we remove and reserve
with the eggplant
after having 15 to 20 minutes
Soak the plates and take them out
we put well stretched on paper
absorbent to dry
I used cannelloni plates because
I like its texture
Now we mix the tomato very well
meat and eggplant
in a baking dish we put a
layer of plates and on it a layer of
meat mixture
and we repeat the operation again
we must cover all the
surface of the plate with the mixture
and finally once again a layer of
plates and other market
now we put the two slices of cheese and
we close with another layer of plates
we throw over the béchamel that
cover lasagna very well
to finish we toss the grated cheese
above covering the entire bus
We put in the oven to gratinate about 180
degrees when we see that the cheese is
we get cast
I hope you like it and take advantage